@ Sidhartha Gundarapu
This the status report of the project after the client meeting.(Client meeting on zoom 2pm to 2:45pm 9/1/2022)
We as a team have got the client requirements from the client regarding the development of the mobile application.
We have started working on the preparation of the prototype before the deadline.
The major decision of selection of the OS the is goin to work has been made.
[Updates: 09/16/2022]
1)AS the Official Client meeting was not occured due to the mismatch of timings but the both team captains and a peer 
had an meeting with client for the clarification of the client requirements.  
2)ON the wednesday 09/15/2022 01:00 pm to 02:00 pm we had the client meeting at Administration Building NWMSU.
3)Everyone is working on their respective roles as assigned to prior and we have few add ons from the client 
and regarding the statistics maintenance, permissions in the application, QR code as the identification for the users.
Also got info regarding the database storage and the payment page, Home page, Event page, location. And many more things
are clarified which are in the notes.
[Updates: 09/23/2022]
1)As mentioned we have a combined client meeting as well as both team meeeting at colden hall 3250.
2)We have got aware about a final and consistent layout for the UI of the Nursing conference Android application.
3)Also got a free hand of that a server will be hosted by the IT department of the Northwest Missouri state universityfor the storage as well as the hosting of database.
4)Whereas both teams are working consistently on our respective OS applictions for further progress.
[Updates: 09/30/2022]
1) Gave a presentation for the workshop.
2) Have used firebase database temporarily for the creatrion of the database for few users to prepare a prototype which can be shown to the client.
3) Later on the SQLite will be used to prepare the centralized database for creation, retrieval and its integration to UI using the API's.
[Updates: 10/07/2022]
1) Gave a presentation for the midterm-1.
2) The UI protoype demo including the login and registration was shown to the client and got her review.
3) Also got clarity about the Navigation tabs have been discussed in the client meeting on wednesday (10/05/2022;03:00 to 04:00 pm).
4) Designed a standard database schema diagram and few features and attributes are in progress to add and modified afterwards.
5) We are using the SQLite version of 3.12.2 which is the latest version.
[Updates: 10/28/2022]
1) There is a major change in the database to be used in the project as the SQLite database is an embeded one and it does not support the web point based application.
2) Moreover it just supports only few amount of the information that can be stored in the mobile device memory or database.
3) As our bravo team along with the alpha team have contacted the university department for the database server to host our application and store the data.
4) And, sucessfully we have got the permission as well as the credentials to establish a database in a very safe and secure environment.
5) Finally due to the health issue of mine i was not able to focus on the project but we are planning to complete with in time and we are getting prepared for the workshop next week.
[Updates: 11/04/2022]
1) Have sucessfully established the connection of server to our local device and we are going to design the datbase for application using the PostgreSQl-15.0.
2) Add the functionalities to the UI and the retrieval of the data from database.
@Phani Ratnala
[Updates: 11/11/2022]
1) contacted the university IT department regarding the documentation of the database server.
2) Trying to make changes to maintain the consistency in the project along with the alpha team in the UI design like making validations in my code.
3) In the next sprint we have to add the RSVP button to the UI which helps the user to understand and it plays a key role in the movement of fragments in the applications
@ SIDHARTHA GUNDARAPU
[Updates: 01/22/2023]
1) Well until now the project has the objectives acheieved like the individual pages of UI and setup of the firebase database for the application. 
2) Now we are going to integrate all the pages and perform the missed objectives like the RSVP functionality, validations for the admin and user in the database. 
3) The Testing of the complete application should be performed along with it's functionalities check before the submission of the application to the client. 
@Phani Ratnala
1) Revising the project once again so by that we can update some advanced features to make more feasible.
